A farmer passing by tells of a nearby villages that have been struck with plague. If pressed, he passes a rumor of a travelling carnival that visited both places.
The forest is on fire!
The nearest city gates are shut, with many soldiers stationed on the walls. All visitors are being turned away, but some locals pass along the story of rioting and murder.
A tinker's wagon has gone into a ditch and broken a wheel. The tinker passes many rumors (all false) of the surrounding area. He offers his services at a great discount if the party helps him right his spilled wagon and goods. All his trinkets are cursed.
A corpse strewn meadow, a handful of broken glass weapons, and a crow that speaks.
Some campers tell tale of a nearby cavern that has "some amazing waterfalls". The cavern is home to a small pack of Grell.
A stampede of wildlife, a bizarre mix of all species, burst out of a nearby forest
A local druid has posted signs asking for hunters to register their names with him before taking any game. 3 arrows are piercing one of them, and others are torn or ripped. A few stags antlers have been tied to tree trunks, as if in defiance.
A shipwreck on a nearby coast is swarming with orc raiders
A traveling family warns of swarms of mating stirge in the nearby area, and many angry farmers who are blaming the disinterest of the local ruler for their dead cattle (and children).
2 paladins have met in a field, each with a second, and a herald, to fight a duel of honor.
* The party finds a fully charged (100 uses) Wand of Wonder. It cannot be thrown away, and compels the user to point the wand and shout the command word ("SHICKETYSHAK!") every time the owner enters combat or the boundaries of a village, town or city. Once 100 charges have been expended, the Wand teleports 100 miles away, and fully recharges.
Strangers report a dangerous section of road that passes through a dark wood. Murderous kenku have taken the road and are extorting every hapless traveler.
Every night ravenous swarms of Grimlocks boil up out of the Underdark to terrorize a village that is slowly losing the fight.
The hanging corpse of a local Ranger hangs from a tree, his hands and feet have been removed and cannot be found. A bloody carving in his naked chest may be identified as the feyclan mark of a family of Quicklings. There are skull-dangles throughout the forest and many traps.
A group of Githzerai suddenly teleport into the area, see the party and yell at them to run, flee! FLEE! A group of Githyanki teleport in 1 minute later
A sea journey is stopped by calm winds and the haunting predations of an angry revenant - the spirit of the true captain, a woman murdered 40 years previously.
A murderous cabal of Wereseals (yes they existed in 2e) have camped in some coastal caves. They are preying on passing ships as well as passing caravans. One of them wears a headband that keeps it in telepathic contact with its true master, an offshore Aboleth.
Two tribes of goblins engaged in murderous warfare on one another. One chieftain wears a cursed ring that drives the owner to obsessively eat the flesh of its own species.
* A torrent of rain, high winds and lightning drive the party underground to take shelter. There they find a mysterious cave tucked away in a side passage - the bodies of two strange races held in stasis.
The party finds a ray gun. It fires twice reliably, and then only ever again if the owner is near death (under 1/4 of total HP). Range: 120 Damage: 2d6 necrotic and 5% chance to disintegrate target. This automatically works on a critical hit. The gun will function 1d20+1 times before burning out. It cannot be repaired. Its owner, a young Illithid hunter, may come looking for it.
A serial graffiti artist has been creating disturbing works of art on local buildings and the some of the residents have had psychological breaks after looking at them for too long.
The All Fool's Day Parade appears on the horizon. The King of Fools has many followers, all of them quite mad, but jolly. Some hundreds walking, riding, operating strange contraptions, come closer. Chaotic, wild music and singing, sinuous and whirling dancers may just draw the party along for a celebration that will last days, possibly weeks before the party is released, forever changed.
Two boys are fighting over a traveling satchel in the middle of the road. A squirrel is perched on the case and is watching the fight, very agitated, and chittering loudly. Overhead a jackdaw swoops one boy again and again, making lots of noise.
Reports of a girl lost in the nearby area. They say she had gone missing before, and had been found in a local valley, stone cold and refusing to speak.
A group of thieves have set up a traveling medicine show, selling patent medicines and manuals of healthy living. They are drugging the wealthy who stop by, and replacing them with members of a tribe of dopplegangers who have threatened the gang with death if they do not comply.
One of the party wakes up with bloody hands and a letter in their pocket. The letter is written in a rare language, and is printed on human skin. Its contents are a lie, and are just the beginning of a campaign of psychological torture by a leprechaun that has latched onto the player and who remains nearby, invisible.
A huge blackened circle of scorched and burnt earth and trees. In the center of the circle is the body of a paladin. In his hand is a Holy Avenger. The Avenger is awakened. Its name is <insert cool name here>
A collector has decided one of the party members should belong to her collection of beautiful specimens. The collector starts leaving gifts for the party member to find, becoming increasingly romantic, until one night when the collector (use an intelligent outsider) comes for her prize.
A drunken sailor tells tale of his ship that was taken by "reavers", murderous cannibals who ripped his crewmates apart. He is lying. It wasn't his ship. But a pack of kuo-toa have been plundering the local shipping lanes and soon they will grow bored of waiting for prey and attack the nearby population.
Tornado!
A local pie-eating contest is being held. The prize is a small Bag of Pies, a minor magic item that conjures 1 type of any kind of fruit pie per day. The entry price is 20 coins.
A dog barks at the party, insistently. Tries to get the party to follow. If they do, the dog will lead them to a ramshackle cabin where the dogs friends, a group of Jackalwere (use stats, but just describe as particular dog breed), who have been doing this to travelers for a while, and have amassed a decent pile of treasure.
A dimensional gate opens and a contingent of 255 Modrons spill forth, measuring and collecting samples of everything (including lifeforms)
A planar resonance occurs and forces open a True Gate to the demi-plane of Ravenloft (The Mists)
A smear of 3 grey oozes pick up the party's trail in civilization and are pursued relentlessly
At a crossroads, on a hill, near a forest, a family of Ankheg are engaged in an all out war with a large force of Aarakocra. The bird-folk send a scout to determine the party's intentions.
Tidal Wave!
A bronze dagger, rusty with age, is lying in the dirt of a wilderness crossroads. It is the last memory of a Nothic, bound to the old blade. The dagger is actually +1 due to its masterwork quality, but the Nothic will whisper insane threats and ramblings of nonsense, while promising untold power if the user will only free him. This Cursed Blade can be destroyed as any artifact would.
The Dance of the Skeletons, a celebration of the Deity of the Dead, marked by debauchery and music, has been interrupted by a huge swarm of Peryton, come to feed in the breeding season.
A noise, getting louder and louder becomes a human falling towards the party's position at terminal velocity. The human misses the party when hitting the ground, creating a 10' hole and knocking the party prone. 50/50% chance the human has actually survived.
A group of men burst out of the nearby tavern, fighting bloodily with knives and skillets, chairs and broken tankards. The fighting engulfs the party.
A small boy appears in the party's camp one night, sitting by the fire. He never speaks and cannot be touched, not through being incorporeal, but through a repulsion field that is beyond 30th level magic. The boy stays one hour and then vanishes. This event occurs every night for a week. On the last night one of the players finds a ring on their finger. This ring contains 1 dose of a poison that will kill any creature in the known realms without a saving throw. It also kills the poisoner.
A bard's camp has been set up, and a wooden stage is filled with a group of 6 minstrels singing and playing music. A large crowd has gathered and are clapping and stomping. An 18th level rogue is in the crowd. He has been hired to steal something from each of the party members. His boss is a Medusa.
A purple worm hole opens in civilization overnight. If explored, a new campaign should begin.
An old woman approaches the party on the road. She is marked with deformity and is overburdened with baggage. If the party approaches, the ruse will be revealed to be a Doppleganger who is carrying 2 (or 4) Mimics. They have been doing this a long time, but the DG hates his slavery and will flee, leaving the mimics behind if the battle turns.
A local wood-elf tribe, known to be friendly in trade, have suddenly shut their forest-gates and are turning all visitors away. Rumors of a new sickness swirl.
Ogres have gathered in a nearby valley in their teeming hundreds. They have come to choose a new King, and the blood-games are about to begin. They will last for 10 days and after the King is crowned, they will rampage on the surrounding area, concentrating on live slaves and food for the coronation feast. The King's name is always Bubba.
Zombies, risen from a nearby graveyard are bothering travelers. If the party intervenes they discover the zombies are asking for parley. They are not mindless. They are not hungry. They are something new. They need help.
A threesome of Shadows have taken up residence in civilization. They have been unable to keep their hunger under control, and they have been seen. The party discovers this when they enter the streets and find the city in a religious fervor, the Temples preaching overtime at the Evil in their Midst.
Stolen sin: A series of robberies throughout Kazan have targeted churches, wizard's studies and alchemical laboratories. The robbers unique modus operandi of bypassing security measures through finesse and infiltration identifies them as a freelance group made up of an elven thief, a dwarven sorcerer and a halfling cleric. Every item and piece of lore taken from each location relates to sins, vices and guilt. The PCs must investigate who hired them and why.
Hunting for the Veil: The PCs work for Bureau 2 of the Veil, and are tracking an unauthorized necromancer. The necromancer follows bandits and orcs, waiting for them to attack unlucky travelers. After the battle ends, the necromancer waits for the corpses to rise as undead and then takes control of them. The PCs must deal with the hostile forces that the necromancer has been following and stop the necromancer from assembling his army of zombies.
Hunted by the Veil: After being publicly exposed as magic users, the PCs are being hunted by the Veil. The PCs must find a way to escape the Veil's trackers or somehow prove that they are not magic users. If the PCs are caught by the Veil, they are told that their deaths must be faked and they must begin a new life.
Hunted by Magesith: One or more magic users in the group are being hunted by a magesith, a type of cruel warrior that inflicts large amounts of pain to subdue and control their opponents. Magesith are trained to hunt magic users, to embrace pain and to feel no pity or mercy.Quick Template: Magesith (CR +1)
Help undead regain control: After dying and not being given a proper burial, an NPC rises as a zombie. The PCs are friends with the NPC or are hired to help the NPC regain control. While the zombie retains the memories and personality that it did in life, it's overwhelmed by an insatiable hunger. The hunger can be suppressed for one day with a restoration spell or cured with a greater restoration spell. The PCs must prevent the zombie from hurting himself or others while keeping him safe and searching for a greater restoration spell.
Rescue NPC before eldritchah conversion: After hell was abandoned during the cataclysm, an infernal faction known as the Umbra began making deals with the races of the Prime, starting with the orks. The Umbra enhanced their followers on the Prime, permanently augmenting them with magical items. After an attack, the eldritchah return their surviving victims to their Umbra masters who will wipe their minds and convert them into new eldritchah. The PCs must rescue an NPC before he can be converted by the Umbra.
Gather details of eldritchah conversion to develop countermeasures: The PCs are hired by the Veil to follow a band of eldritchah and infiltrate an Umbra camp long enough to gather general information about the Umbra's eldritchah transformation process.
Defend against shadeling: A magic user PC or NPC traveling with the group captures the attention of a shadeling. The PCs must find a way to protect the magic user and kill the shadeling, without using magic that will feed the shadeling and make it stronger.
Capture shadeling: The Pyramid of Providence hires the PCs to capture a shadeling for study. The Pyramid gives a silver flask to the PCs. The flask's unique runes and magical preparations will allow it to safely contain the shadeling once captured, but the PCs must lure it into the flask by using a magic aura as bait.
Prevent NPC from exposing the Veil and the false war: An NPC has learned that the war against magic users is being controlled by the Veil. The PCs must convince the NPC not to reveal the truth or to silence or discredit him before he can.
Soylent Harvest: A shipment of meat meant for the Imperial Marines is diverted by a minor, local corrupt noble. Unknown to the noble, all meat for the Imperial Marines is harvested from the Tarrasque held in Harvest City. Without the discipline of the marines' training, the locals are unable to deal with the increased aggression. The PCs must subdue the locals, who have developed fast healing 1 until the meat's effects wear off in a week.
Ring of rapture drug dealers: Rapture is a drug made of distilled primordial energy. Rapture causes a feeling of sublime ecstasy and provides the user with a small charge of energy which can be used to power a single first level spell. After enough uses of rapture the energy buildup would cause the user to transform into energy and depart, or ‘ascend.' The PCs must find the local rapture dealers, and stop them from selling anymore before it claims a life. When the PCs begin to investigate, however, they discover that the rapture dealers have ties to a cult.
Survive Blackest Night: Normally, blackest night is a predictable event. When it happens unexpectedly and the PCs lose access to their spells and their magic items stop working during what should have been an ordinary mission, they must find a way to survive until dawn.
Celestial or Crazy: A stranger appears in town, claiming to be a celestial who has been robbed of their celestial abilities and outsider traits. The gods refuse to comment on the issue, and the town elders ask the PCs to get to the bottom of things.
Infernal or Insane: Across the continent in another ordinary, another stranger appears - claiming to be an infernal who has been robbed of his outsider traits. The gods refuse to comment, and the PCs must determine whether he is insane or truly an infernal creature.
Defend against Praxis: An assassin who is immune to divination magic is hired to kill the PCs while they are on a mission. The PCs must find a way to defend against the assassin while still completing their mission.
Join the Veil: One of the PCs wants to become an agent of the Veil, despite their refusal to admit non-magic users. The PCs must find a way to convince the Veil to admit her in spite of this.
Whispering Angels: Years earlier, one of the PCs ran into a mysterious individual who offered a piece of advice which unpredictably changed their life forever and was responsible for their becoming an adventurer. Years later, he sees the man again, although he has not aged a day. When the PCs begin to investigate, they discover he's part of a secretive group of celestials dedicated to subtly influencing the lives of mortals.
Dark Elf in disguise: When an elf's heart is consumed by darkness, it becomes a dark elf and its skin and hair lose all pigment. While visiting a village of elves, the PCs begin to suspect that one of the elves is a dark elf in disguise.
The Living Dolan: The Cult of Dolan is a sect of prophets which allow themselves to be stung by the cephalatroph, a creature who's poison is believed to be 100% fatal and to induce infallible, but cryptic, prophecies. While transporting a cephalatroph back to their monastery, one of the monks of Dolan is stung. However, the monk does not die but instead goes insane. The PCs must find the monk and return him to the monastery.
Faust's Marines: A contingent of Imperial Marines, led by Commander Faust, stop reporting back to the Imperium. The PCs are hired to investigate the fate of Faust's Marines, but when they locate the marines they learn that they have defected from the Imperium and sworn loyalty to the Dukes of Hell.
Company Zero: The PCs are caught in the aftermath of a group of adventurers known as Company Zero, a mercenary special operations group which includes several magic-users who are known enemies of the Veil. Both the Veil and the Imperium are offering a reward for the capture of Company Zero.
Killer Clone: A wizard's experiments with a new clone spell have gone awry, and the clone woke up prematurely. Possessing all the memories and abilities of his creator, the clone is insane and intends to kill the original and take his place. The PCs are hired to protect the wizard and stop his clone.
Paradox Mage: The PCs are hired by the Veil to investigate a strange man who is believed to have killed several magic-users. He exhibits no spell-casting abilities until in the presence of a magic-user or magical effect. When they confront him, the PCs learn that he is using the paradoxes that result from spell casting to create his own magical effects. Whenever a spell is cast in his presence, he is able to cast a spell up to one level lower in the following round.
Infiltrate House Kazan: The PCs are hired to recover an item which belonged to the ancestors of House Groomwar from House Kazan. The Kazan nobility have refused to return the item or sell it back to House Groomwar. The PCs must retrieve the item while making it appear to have been part of a robbery commissioned by someone else.
ncounter with member of the Family: The PCs encounter a member of the cult known as the Family. They must gather as much information about the individual and the Family as possible, without losing their lives.
Retrieve information from the Dreaming: After an NPC dies in their sleep, the PCs must enter the Dreaming to find his spirit and retrieve a crucial piece of information and guide him to the afterlife before the NPC's soul becomes permanently lost in the Dreaming.
rauds of futures past: A changeling approaches the PCs, claiming to be one of them from the future and needing their help to avoid some crisis. The PCs must discover the truth and foil the changeling's real plans.
Elven proxy wars: When a dark elf begins attack the enemies of the high elves, the PCs recognize that something is amiss. They quickly discover that the dark elf is taking orders from high elves, and must learn why.
Undead friendship: One of the PCs' friends has died and risen as an undead. After he learns to control the hunger and tracks the PCs down, they must decide what to do with them.
Troll Army of One sends one troll to invade each town: The troll Army of One sends a single troll to attack each town in the southwest of the Imperium. The PCs must locate the troll and stop it before it can multiply by regeneration and become a true threat to the town.
Haunted dreams: The dreams of the PCs are haunted by the ghosts of their slain enemies. The PCs must find a way to calm the spirits of their enemies before the exhaustion leads them into madness.
Insane asylum: An obscure sect determines that the PCs are murderous hobos, and that their violence is proof of mental illness. The PCs are captured while they sleep and brought to an insane asylum, where the Sisterhood of Light attempts to "cure" them.
Silvergate prison lockdown during a visit: While visiting a friend who was wrongfully accused and imprisoned, the inmates of Silvergate prison attempt a jail break. The PCs must survive and protect their friend while the prison goes on lockdown.
Dragon fear and loathing: A town's existence is threatened by a dragon that flies overhead when traveling to and from its home. The fear and madness caused by the dragon has driven away all visitors to the town and stopped supplies from entering the town. If the PCs are unable to persuade the dragon to avoid flying directly over the town, it will be completely abandoned.
Eldritchah conversion survivor: An attack on an Umbra outpost disrupts the eldritchah conversion process. One of those undergoing the conversion process survives and retains his individuality and personality. The PCs must escort him back to the High Tower of Sorcery for study, while other eldritchah forces attempt to stop them.
Southern Waste components: The PCs are sent to the forbidden zone in the Southern Wastes to collect rare spell components, all relating to primordial and necromantic energies. While traveling back from the Southern Wastes, the PCs encounter several intelligent undead who bizarrely crave the spell components. The undead attempt to bargain for the spell components, claiming they will help them "elevate." If the PCs refuse, the undead attack
Goblin tribe discovers trove of magic items: A goblin tribe discovers a cache of magic items and begins using them in their attacks on human settlements. The goblins are neither disciplined nor able to properly control the magic items. The PCs must minimize the damage caused by the goblins.
The Forgotten: The PCs encounter a man who is able to insert himself into the memories of others without otherwise significantly altering the memory or the personality of the subject. They must prove this to NPCs and find a way of negating his abilities.
Rage plague: A town comes under the influence of rage plague, a magical illness connected to the Bloodthirster. Those suffering from rage plague are afflicted with the rage spell seemingly at random as well as increased aggression. The PCs must find a way to cure the town of rage plague before it tears itself apart.
Bloodthirster's berserkers: A pair of berserkers escape the Last Tomb of the Cult of the Bloodthirster, signaling the primordial's active return to the prime material. The berserkers begin hunting down paladins, and the PCs must find the daemonic berserkers and stop them before anymore paladins are slain.
Arena Annual: The PCs enter the Great Arena's annual team or individual competition, giving them a chance of glory in front of the bravest warriors, most powerful magic users and richest nobles of the Imperium.
Blackheart goblins outpost: The PCs are forced to travel through a cavern complex that extend underground and through some mountains. While journeying through the caverns, they come across an unmapped outpost occupied by goblins from the Blackheart tribe. The Blackheart goblins are strong tactical fighters and block access to the caverns exits. The Blackhearts avoid attacking the PCs, preferring to starve them out or slay them when they try to breach the goblin's defenses. The PCs must find a way to escape or to negotiate with the Blackheart goblins.
Divinity Games: Once every ten years, the gods host the Divinity Games - an event where mortals can compete for deification. Every entrant in the competition sacrifices their life, and the energies of the losers are used to empower the new deity. If, in ten years, the deity has gathered enough followers to sustain their godhood they continue to live. Otherwise, they are sacrificed to the other gods. A mentor to one of the PCs has entered the competition, and requested the PCs act as his cornermen and aid him in the competition. Without their help, he does not stand a chance so the PCs must dissuade him or assist him in the competition.
The Druidic Movement Comes Under Attack: A group of druids have begun buying property in the Great City with the intention of turning the land into public parks. One of the minor noble houses is not happy about this despite the overwhelming public support, as it will interfere with their development projects. Several of the nobles conspire to smuggle orcs into the Great City to launch disruptive attacks against the druids. The PCs must discover who is responsible, and stop them.
Golem skin: A gnome wizard has recently developed a new type of "wearable golem" which a demihuman can step inside and wear like a suit, gaining the physical attributes of a golem while maintaining direct physical control. The golem skin is stolen when the wizard is attacked while testing it. The PCs must recover the golem skin without destroying it.
Drake Firestorm: After making a mysterious pact with Samael, formerly Asmodeus, a dragon attacks a troll stronghold. Every one of the trolls are killed, along with several human nobles that were on a diplomatic mission. The PCs must track the dragon down to discover why it attacked, and if there'll be another one.
Amnesiac changeling: The PCs encounter a changeling who is mimicking one of them. The changeling is confused and disoriented, and entirely non-hostile. They quickly discover that the changeling has lost all of its memories, but deduce that it was hired by someone to imitate the PCs. The PCs must work with the amnesiac changeling to discover what happened.
Destruction of the Burnt Jade Monastery: The PCs are visiting the Burnt Jade Monastery when it's attacked and destroyed by eldritchah. The temple is quickly destroyed by the kamikaze attackers, and the Burnt Jade monks scatter across the kingdom. The PCs must track the monks down and help them reunite so they can found a new monastery.
Perception filter test run: Unbeknownst to anyone, the Veil performs a test run of the first perception filter spell in a small town. Perception filters have the effect of directing attention away from the object or its bearer, rendering them virtually unnoticeable without making them invisible. When the Veil decides to test the limits of the spell, strange things begin happening in town. The PCs must investigate.
Ethereal Whispers: The PCs come across an abandoned wizard's laboratory operated by the Veil. The laboratory was recently attacked, and it appears that there were no survivors. When the PCs examine the lab, they discover notes about a spell which will allow the Veil to "listen to the aether." This will allow them to discreetly observe things across long distances, or even into the recent past. The PCs must decide whether to return the incomplete notes to the Veil, or destroy them before anyone else can find them.
Great City serial killer: The Great City is attacked by a mysterious serial killer who uses magic to bypass locks and defenses, brutally slaying his victims in the night. Attempts to resurrect the victims have failed, and when speak with dead has been cast the victims have only said "the tree" and "Orpheus." The PCs must quickly take one of the corpses across the kingdom so that an expert necromancer may attempt to extract more information about the killer.
Veiled Wars: The Imperium's policy of noninvolvement in the orc-ork "civil" war is clearly exploitative and designed to let the greenbloods kill each other off. Many speculate that the Imperium is quietly encouraging the war, and possibly supplying both sides to perpetuate the slaughter. The PCs discover that the war was deliberately started by the Veil, and that it seems to be part of a larger plot. The PCs must decide whether to join the effort and help the Veil or try to expose the organization while surviving attempts to silence or discredit them.
Divine Monsters: A renegade faction of celestials follow the example of Samael and believe that necessity is the genesis of all action. Doing what they deem is necessary, they begin recruiting demihumans from the prime material to convert them into "divine monsters" that will combat the darkness.
Carnival of Crime: While attending a traveling carnival, the PCs recognize one of the performers from a wanted poster. After some investigating, the PCs discover that the carnival is a cover for a group of criminals that perform high end robberies and assassinations across the Imperium. Realizing their cover has been blown, the carnival quickly leaves town and begins to "sanitize" their operation. The PCs must track the carnival down to determine what their last job was.
The skull mask: The PCs encounter a magic user who wears a strange anima's skull as a helmet and mask. He attempts to play mind games with the PCs, but finds himself outmatched and gets himself killed. When they examine his body, they find it and his clothing unremarkable. The skull, however, radiates a strange magic and seems to come from an animal which never existed.
Death of a Bloodline: The PCs have been captured by several vampires of the Kath bloodline. The vampires have already drained several NPCs and are holding the PCs until it's time to feed again. Before the PCs can meet their end, each of the vampires crumbles to dust. The PCs eventually free themselves, and discover that all vampires from the Kath bloodline have been destroyed. The other bloodlines attempt to seize the power vacuum, leaving the PCs caught in middle of a war between undead.
What Is The Pyramid of Providence?: The Pyramid of Providence is known to be much older than nearly any other organization. The first known member of the Pyramid was Baal, who uses the Pyramid of Providence as his holy symbol. The Pyramid's ancient purpose has been forgotten, and the PCs must travel to the Lost Tower to recover the original charter.
Discovery of the Southern Deadlands: The PCs become lost in an arid part of the elven sovereign lands when they realize they've wandered into an uncharted patch of deadlands, where all magic fails. Without a way to call for help, the PCs must survive the desert orcs and other threats that wander the region - without the aid of magic.
A Town Called Arkham: The PCs arrive in Arkham, and quickly notice two things: everyone in the town seems "off" and the marshall seems very interested in them. When the PCs are ready to leave town, a powerful rainstorm washes out the road and the townsfolk announce that they will hold a small feast in honor of their guests. At the dinner, the townsfolk invite the PCs to become permanent residents but the marshall insists they must leave as soon as the road is passable. The PCs leave in the morning without discovering the secrets town and are told they are welcome back anytime. When the mayor extends the offer to the PCs, he cryptically comments that "it's just a matter of time…"
Help shopkeeper fake death to escape the Dreaming Cartel: A friend of the PCs has recently run into trouble with the Dreaming Cartel, who don't appreciate competition for custom made magic items. The Dreaming Cartel likes to make examples of anyone that threatens their monopolies, placing a virtual death sentence on the PCs' friend. To save his life, they must convincingly fake his death so that he can begin anew.
Rescue Grabthar from the spice mines: Grabthar, a half-orc associate of the PCs, has been captured and forced to work in the spice mines. Grabthar possess vital information about the orc'orde and must be rescued so the information can be relayed to the Imperial Marines. The PCs must infiltrate the spice mines and exfiltrate Grabthar before he's worked to death.
Assassination in House Chexim: A friend of the PCs and the son of a minor noble in House Chexim is assassinated. When the House mage investigates, he discovers that it appears he was killed by a lich's touch. The PCs are certain that a lich couldn't have gotten close enough, and so must solve the mystery of the murder.
Tryouts for Dragon Corp: When the PCs cross paths with the elite Dragon Corp, they decide to try to join the "best of the best." There are only 144 members of Dragon Corp, and every spot is currently filled - so the PCs will have to do something remarkable to be deemed worthy of replacing some of the existing members of Dragon Corp.
The Praetor Conspiracy: The PCs realize than an old urban legend about the Praetors, a group of noble families that have pulled strings behind the scenes for generations, embedding themselves into the very social fabric of human society in general. The Praetors goals are unclear, but it's certain that they don't like the fact that the PCs have become aware of them.
Terror cult: A cult of terrorists attack a series of churches seemingly at random, defiling them and murdering the attendees. The cult has left no obvious message and has no known goals. As church attendance in the city begins to slow, the PCs are asked to step in before the holy sites become abandoned entirely.
Rapturous orcs: A group of orcs encounter a small lake of rapture, the primordial energy, shortly before encountering the PCs. In a unique reaction, the orcs have lost all aggressive tendencies and want philosophical and spiritual enlightenment beyond that of One-Eye. The PCs must help the orcs find a place where they can live in peace without being attacked by intolerant humans or orcs.
The Orrery: While exploring an ancient dungeons, the PCs come across an orrery that mimics the outer realms and the solar system of Exegesis. At first the orrery seems very ordinary, but shifting the relative locations of the planets alters the relative strength of different types of magic within the dungeon. Rotating the orrery too far forward will exhaust and dehydrate the PCs, without actually altering the flow of time. While experimenting with the orrery, the PCs realize they are not alone in the dungeon.
Succubus seduction: Countess Isabelle Anders hires the PCs to prove the Count is being seduced by succubus. The Count is quite aware of her suspicions, and insists that she is merely jealous that he has fallen in love with someone else. As the PCs investigate, they discover that the woman was hired by the Countess as part of a scheme to push the Count into asking for a divorce in exchange for the majority of their assets.
The Creeping Desert: The deserts in Cir have been slowly, but steadily, expanding. The sages agree that the desert should be holding steady, and the nobility is worried that it will allow the nomads to expand their unofficial territory in the center of Cir. The PCs are hired to investigate any connection to rumors of a elemental earth worms that have recently migrated from the outer realms.
Soul Hunter: When a soul hunter comes to capture and preserve the soul of a fallen friend of the PCs, they must stop the soul hunter from taking his soul and preventing it from finding peace in the afterlife.
Gibbering Madness: An eccentric wizard believes that the endless yammering of the gibbering mouther is some sort of divine or infallible speech. He hires the PCs to capture a gibbering mouther without harming it so that he can study its mad speech.
Spawn of Dagon: The Veil dispatches the PCs to investigate rumors that a town has had its population replaced by the spawn of Dagon, who wear the bodies of the towns people like suits. The PCs must corroborate this information and report back without making their presence known among Dagon's spawn.
Spectre of revenge: The Spectre, a manifestation of revenge itself, has turns its eye to the hometown of one of the PCs while they're visiting. His target is truly wicked, but the Spectre does not mind collateral damage. The PCs must help the town survive until the Spectre's vengeance is complete.
Past Tense Prophet: A member of the Cult of Dolan is stung while transporting a cephalatroph back to the monastery. He died alone in the woods, and the PCs must find his remains and find a way to learn what the prophecy was.
Steal shipment from House Racktide for House Elmdoe: House Elmdoe hires the PCs to steal a shipment of newly minted currency from House Racktide. Without the new currency, House Racktide's legitimacy will be undermined and the economy will be destabilized. The currency is heavily protected, but House Elmdoe will be satisfied if it's simply destroyed and not stolen.
Imperial Suppliers: The PCs are hired by House Kazan to monitor the city of Harvest and discover who has been producing supplies for the Imperial Marines. When the PCs begin to investigate, they discover that the supplies are being supplied by a single house but they are being made to look like different pieces were produced in many different kingdoms.
The Inquisition and the Veil: An Inquisitor PC or NPC realizes that House Nyza has begun to hide many of their resources, especially those relating to magic. Suspecting that something is afoot, they investigate but eventually learn that the resources are being shuffled around as part of a Veil operation.
Skyfall: Small meteor fragments crash to the ground. Each fragment is under the effect of a variant of the contagion spell, afflicting those in the area with random diseases. The PCs must discover the pattern and discover the origin of the fallen fragments.
Dinner at Ravenloft: The PCs are invited to dine at Castle Ravenloft, and given amulets of protection from vampires. The Veil hires the PCs to take advantage of the invitation and gather as much information as possible about the castle's new resident. When they arrive, the PCs learn that they were not the only ones invited by the mysterious vampire called Misty, but his agenda does not become any clearer as the night wears on.
Thief at Magitek Academy: While touring the new magitek academy, the PCs discover that one of the new students is a thief who has infiltrated the complex. Somehow, the individual is avoiding attempts to identify him with divination. The PCs must determine who the thief is and who hired him before he can get away with stolen designs and magitek prototypes.
Murder in the High Tower: An apprentice is found murdered in the library of the High Tower of Sorcery. There's no apparent motive, and the killer was able to disguise himself using magic. However, the tower itself is aware of every magic-user that enters or exits the structure. The PCs must help the council of the High Tower identify the killer.
Eldritchah raid on a town: While sleeping in an inn on their way to the city, the small village comes under attack by eldritchah. The town's small guard is no match for the monsters, and it's up to the stop the town from being overrun.
In the balance: Feeling powerless against the local nobles, a town hires the PCs to kidnap the noble's son to persuade the noble to return their land, which was recently "redistributed." The PCs must take care not to harm the noble's son, they must simply keep the threat alive.
Dark elves firebomb elven village: Dark elves use elemental magic to firebomb a local elven village. The PCs must help the village fortify against future attacks, and track the dark elves down to administer retribution.
Find adventuring agent: Recent rumors have spread about a bureau of agents for adventurers. The agents help the adventurers optimize their missions by finding multiple sponsors and interested parties, and providing relative side missions that the adventurers can conduct along the way. The PCs must find one the agents and prove their worth as clients.
Lockdown: Imperial Inquisitors put a town on lockdown, knowing that a cultist and murder is hiding in the town. The dark one tries to murder the PCs by framing them as evil so that inquisitors will put them down. The PCs must prove their innocence.
The Scarfeather Uprising: A contingent of griffins, led by the rebellious Scarfeather, have begun to refuse to recognize the authority of the Imperium or even the other griffins. The PCs find themselves in the middle of Scarfeather's rebellion as both sides attempt to recruit the PCs to their cause.
The Minotaur-Goblin alliance: The minotaurs ally with the goblins against House Cisk, as both want to expand their territory. The minotaurs promise the goblins their strength and access to their territory as a base of operations, while the goblins provide the minotaurs with their connections and access to supplies beyond the minotaurs' territory.
Darkwood fire: A elementalist wizard keeps summoning fire elementals into the darkwood forest. The PCs must investigate and find out if he's insane or trying to destroy the darkwood and in either case, they must find a way to stop him.
Minas Dogft ghost ship: A ship arrives at Minas Dogft in Cir, completely devoid of any crew or cargo. The Elder Dwarves at Minas Dogft are at a loss, and request the PCs help in investigating and ruling out the possibility of the Lichlands being involved.
Sinking orcs: An orc ship in the Sea of Klanthe is sunk by an unknown group. When the PCs go to salvage treasure from the sunken vessel, they discover that the vessel was sunk by a small colony of water elementals.
Resting In Peace: It's widely assumed that the necropolis of the Great City has its share of undead, but when the PCs go to lay a friend to rest there they discover that the necropolis is completely devoid of all undead - despite radiating strong necromantic magic. When they investigate, they discover that the necromantic magic lures the undead into a system of catacombs that lead out of the city.
The Duchess and the Concubine: Well aware that their marriage is purely one of political convenience, the Duchess of Groomwar has never been happy about her husband's love for Lady Celia. Despite not loving the Duke herself, she is unable to stomach the Duke's affection for someone else or the embarrassment of being seen as "less lovable than a mere concubine." When the Duchess hires an assassin to kill the Lady Celia, the PCs must protect her.
Expedition to the Lichlands: The PCs are hired to travel to the Lichlands to open up communications between House Racktide and Womoor Castle. Simply arriving at the island of dark magic threatens the lives of the PCs, who must find a way to negotiate with power hungry undead.
The demon's gauntlet: The PCs enter a competition for the demon's gauntlet, an unholy magic item which slowly turns its wearer into a demon. The PCs must win the competition or find another way to acquire the gauntlet before it can cause more damage.
Torif's secret negotiations with Kordash: The PCs are hired by House Torif to travel to the Kingdom of Kordash and begin the early negotiations for a joint crusade against the dark Nosgith Empire. Though kind, the Kingdom is extremely strict and will offer the PCs no quarter. They must establish an initial contact without offending anyone or finding themselves under arrest.
Prismatic Storm over Nosgith: When a prismatic storm appears of Nosgith, the entire Pyramid of Providence takes notice. A similar spell was once rumored to have been studied by the last apprentice of Allor the archmage. The PCs must locate his student and learn who else might have had access to the spell or been able to recreate it.
The Emperor's brother: A lone traveler arrives on the west coast, claiming to be the Emperor's brother. To the public's knowledge, the Emperor has no family. The claim is quite sensational, and is attracting attention from the Imperial Inquisitors.
The Cult of Prast: Prast, the wizard warlord who was defeated by the Emperor just prior to the founding of the Imperium, still has followers even now. One of the last Cults of Prast has recently become active around Osshyrst Castle and declared their intention to try to resurrect Prast.
The Book of Artifacts: The PCs discover a catalog of minor artifacts. The artifacts are described and identified by number, but no name or location is given. The PCs must determine what the catalog correlates to without letting it fall into the wrong hands.
All fools day Parade that turns into a cult 
Pie eating contest reward is a minor bag of pies 
Town where Noone notices the party. Eventually they realize the town isn't in the same plane
Drunken bar fight spills out onto the street in front of the party