An elk, with two arrows in its neck, lies to the side of the trail. Crows and other scavengers are picking at the flesh. There is no sign of the hunter. The animal breathes ruggedly, and groans in pain. Put it out of it's misery or save it?
A trail of blood bisects the path, leading off into the dense woods. Do you follow the trail or ignore it?
A tree, charred and split by a lightning bolt, stands in the clearing. The topic of best/worst weather is brought up, discuss.
A brush fire is slowly moving this way. Do the group attempt to extinguish or avoid the fire?
Pinned to a tree is the decomposed form of a soldier of Neverwinter. Three arrows stick in her chest. Her armor has rotted and her boots are gone. There is no sign of a weapon. Thoughts on the military, discuss.
You are 6 miles from camp/town and player X has forgotten to pack X, do you turn back or go on without it? (If they return it is missing or unfound and must be replaced regardless)
A recently abandoned campfire is still smoldering off to the side. Logs are positioned around it as if a sizeable group was here. Do you investigate further?
Ranger's signs are carved into a small wooden placque set beside the tree. The symbols for lizard and acid are easily distinguishable to the group ranger. What is the creature, discuss.
The smell of wildflowers fills the air. This would be a perfect spot to break and seems perfectly safe. Do you rest here or choose a less open area?
A quick succession of cracks and snaps alert you to what might be a startled animal fleeing your approach. Do you chase after it?
An abandoned druid's grove shows no sign of combat or danger, yet it has overgrown from lack of tending. Do you clear-up the grove or leave it undisturbed?
Player X awakes from camp with a thief rummaging through their pockets. The thief begs for their life and doesn't fight but may flee.
A hawk circles overhead as the sun beats down. The heat is making you irritated, and the party discuss pet-hates about eachothers' mannerisms. Discuss.
A black orc arrow is sticking from a tree. Either it has weathered well or just recently found its mark. After ensuring their safety the party proceed. The topic and responsibility of collecting fired arrows is brought up. Discuss.
A stone off the side of the road contains markings in an unfamiliar language. They have been painstakingly carved onto the rock. Though no-one can translate it, the party discuss their known languages. Discuss.
There lies a small shrine to Lathander, a stone with a crude carving of the sun and two gold pieces lie as tribute in a small bowl at the base. Do you take the tributes or leave them for Lathander?
A baroque scroll-case has been hidden amongst some foliage. The scroll itself is blank. The party can take the scroll for later, this provokes discussion on spellcasting knowledge. Discuss
As you break by a small pond, player X looks at their own reflection. After a moment they turn to the rest of the party and divulge a secret about their past. Discuss.
You come across a rare snake that's recently shed it's skin. The skin can be sold as an alchemy ingredient. This reminds the players of the beasts in the wild, discuss.
Beautiful game appears (white deer) and would feed the whole group for the day. An attempt to slay the creaturehowever is interrupted by a local hunter's arrow. The hunter insists the creature is theirs but doesn't fight for it.