Three beggars at the crossroads swarm you, begging for coin. Do you donate, and how much?
A passing bard asks the players to recite their latest adventurers for musical inspiration.
Another adventuring company passes the party. They gladly swap tales and treasure. They are planning to sail from Neverwinter across the sea, they do not want the PCs to accompany them.
A large well-guarded caravan owned by a sneering, arrogant merchant moves down the road like the man owns it. His guards reflect this attitude as well. He sells refined, non-magical good and can identify the PCs fine loot.
Several pale, dark-robed men drive carts loaded with coffins along the road. They avoid eye contact if possible. This reminds the PCs of death, discuss.
Someone is cooking something in a nearby cottage? This reminds the PCs of their favourite foods, discuss.
A grim procesion of ascetics in brown robes, bearing flails and whips, pass silently save for the occasional grunt elicited by their self-beatings. This reminds the PCs of guilt and morality, discuss.
A number of colourful wagons of brightly dressed men and women greet the party cordially. The gypsies welcome the group to join them for the night. Do you camp with the gypsies or without?
Several small children approach the group from the direction of a group of farms. They ask if they have seen their lost pet that they adopted; they describe what sounds like a baby owlbear. Do you warn them or leave them be?
A man on horseback gallops past the party with a look of deadly urgency on his face. He may even run down anyone that blocks his way. This reminds the players of steeds and mounts, discuss
A child, fleeing from an abusive, bullying stepfather tries to tag along with the party. The stepfather chases them down and demands the child's return. Do you defend the child or refuse to get involved?
A troupe of bards and performers on their way to the next big town happily share gossip and flirts with attractive party members. As the PCs move on, they're reminded of past loves, discuss.
A tree has fallen from old-age, blocking your path, do you lift it to help clear the path to any carts that may come after or do you just walk around?
A meat merchant travelling through offers you free food that will not last until the destination due to delays. (Eating it results in sickness later). Do the PCs take it or not?
A cart-driven cage of convicts if driven past by Neverwinter officials. This reminds the player about justice and criminal acts, discuss.
A mad old sage in ruined clothes recounts to the players his experiences in the feywild, his mind is clearly disturbed as he rants about his experiences with minimal consistencies and loads of gaps in his memory.
A guard gallops past and stops to ask if the group have seen a known spy. He goes about his way but the players are reminded of the mistrust and intrigue within the world, discuss.
You notice a signpost pointing the wrong direction, probably the result of a local prankster, do you amend the sign or continue on your way?
A skeleton lies on the curb of the road. In his hand is an "elixir of eternal life", uncapped, half- empty.Evidence suggests the bare corpse has been there for about a week. The PCs are reminded of dangerous magic, discuss.
A silver dragon appears in various guises over several days in a row (don't roll for these days), to test how the PC's respond to different people. He may offer them a quest if he likes the result.