A the theives guild has broken into the party's HQ and refuses to leave.
A bard. Not a magic one. Just a bard. Like y'know. A minstrel or some shit he's ok I guess.
Man chasing after a woman through a corn field. Distant saxophone is heard before both get eaten by a troll which chokes to death on them.
The world's highest dragon lands eats three <local wildlife> tries to fly crashes then just sleeps where he fell.
A circus is in town. A shitty circus. Like a mobile Chuck E. Cheeses during a power outage.
A village is being savaged by the most passive aggressive wizard ever.
Two heavily armed fighters going at it hammer and tongs in the middle of the road, Every attack is a miss on both sides.
Suddenly ninjas. They don't attack or anything, they have better things to do. But still.
What looks like a sword is stabbed into a stone. Turns out it's just a hilt. Made of tin.
A gnome, a halfling and a dwarf are having a 'who's the shortest' contest. It's fairly easy to resolve and they do so shortly after the party arrives.
A bandit calls for the party to stand and deliver. He's not robbing them, he just really wants his package.
An ugly old man offers the party some of his lunch stew. It's not bad, could use some savory herb or something though.
A young child is crying for his mom. His mom is maybe 40 feet away waiting for the kid to shut up and actually look.
A carrot is near the road. If disturbed a ranger yells at the party for disturbing his rabbit bait.
A rabbit is caught in a trap. If disturbed a ranger yells at the party for disturbing his fox bait.
A fox is caught in a trap. If disturbed a ranger yells at the party for disturbing his wolf bait.
A wolf is caught in a trap. If disturbed a ranger yells at the party for disturbing his bear bait.
A bear is caught in a trap. If disturbed a ranger yells at the party for disturbing his owlbear bait.
An owlbear is caught in a trap. If disturbed a ranger yells at the party for disturbing his ogre bait.
An ogre caught in a trap. If disturbed a ranger yells at the party for disturbing his dragon bait.
A dragon is caught in a trap. If disturbed a ranger yells at the party for disturbing his tarasque bait.
A lovely gazebo is seen on the side of the road. It looks like a nice place for a picnic.
An adventure party passes by whining about a lack of something called "Cheetos" and some or of Dew of a Mountain. Weirdos.
An adventure party passes by with each member spouting off silly "Ni" noises or something about bushes. Weirdos.
An adventure party passes by with a drow sneaky fellow wearing two scimitars whinging about wanting more "Ex-Pee" because of "Role-playing". Weirdo.
An armless, legless knight has bled out near a creek. Apparently his corpse has been here for a while. His armor seems to be made of paper.
The local thieves guild has burst into the party's HQ moving every object in it a foot the right and leaving.
A local child has taken to following the smartest member of the party around asking him "why" in the most obnoxious voice possible.
An attractive bar wench starts flirting with the strongest looking male party member. If asked she'll gladly "spend time" with them. Nothing else worth noting here.
As above but replace bar wench with young blacksmith and male party member with female party member.
Town drunk wraps an arm around a party member claiming. "You'se gais 're al'righ'" before puking on the fanciest dressed character and passing out.
Town drunk wraps an arm around a party member before apologizing to one of them for puking on them. Saying " 'Appenz ta da besht a uz." Before puking on the fanciest dressed character and passing out.
Town drunk pukes on the fanciest dressed character and passes out.
Worst pickpocket in the world attempts to rob from the character who would most easily notice and deal with them. Mostly he just ends up groping them and the running off.
Fake wizard claims to be a real one. When questioned he flings glitter in the party's collective face yelling "Glitterrust!" and running before tripping on his robes and knocking himself out.
Hobo claims to be a deposed king who will reward the party if they can return to him his seal which some other hobos stole and are hiding out under the town bridge. He just wants to sleep under the bridge after the party clears the other hobos out.
Local noble badly disguised as a commonfolk, no one care since he's got money and is a fairly decent person. Snobs if the party tries to talk to them.
A short shower of copper bits fall from the sky. Like. 10 of them.
A fairy offers the party a wish if they can answer her riddles three. If they agree she just leaves laughing saying "I didn't think someone would actually believe me on that.". If they don't she gets mad and leaves saying "It's not like they were THAT hard, pansies.".
An adventuring party slew a dragon here a few weeks ago. There's nothing valuable left here.
A man in a nice set of robes is handing out pamphlets for the local good parish. Introduces himself as Brother Gideon.
A man in a bad set of robes is handing out dead rats from the local evil temple. Introduces himself as Brother BabyStabber.
A man in a decent set of robes is handing out blank pieces of paper from the local neutral temple. Introduces himself with a shrug and a sigh.
A lumberjack is eating his lunch on the side of the road. If asked he'll share with one person.
A miner is eating his lunch on the side of the road. If asked he'll share a beer with one person.
A cultist is eating his lunch on the side of the road. If asked he'll share a bagel with one person.
A perfectly serviceable wooden shield is found on the side of the road. Not masterwork or magic. Just serviceable.
A perfectly serviceable shortsword is found on the side of the road. Not masterwork or magic. Just serviceable.
There's a huge pot hole in the road. Like HUGE, for a pothole, it's not a pit or anything. DC 3 Acrobatics check to not stumble on it. Failure means you take 1d2-1 nonlethal teasing damage and fall flat on your ungraceful face.
A tune if heard off in the distance. Nothing in particular, just kind of a musical edge to the area. Like a light mist.
A troop of guardsmen are patrolling the road. They ask you to clear the way and move on.
A man is selling sausages from a decent cart. The sausages are ok.
A man is selling sausages from a crappy cart. The sausages are good, but you start to feel bad for eating too many of them. Like you ate an entire tin of ice cream bad.
A man is selling sausages from a good cart with bread rolls. The bread is bland, and the spice in the sausage is forgettable, but it's filling.
A man is selling wiener dogs from a cart that's barking. Not to eat. He's just selling the dogs. They make good mousers he says.
A man in an alley is yelling to the sky "I can't USE that with that." "I'll have to WALK over there to do that." "If only I could LOOK, at that object." etc. No one pays him any regard.
A woman in armor is offering to bed any man who can beat her in an arm wrestle. She's got a 23 Strength and isn't particularly pretty, but if you're into that it's there.
A bird poops right down the back of the most wizard-like character's clothes. Haha.
A bird poops right in the eye of the most cleric-like character. Haha.
A bird poops right on the mouth of the most thief like character. Haha.
A branch or sign suddenly breaks it's base or chain or string and swings directly into the most wizard-like character's face.
A lady hobo is telling shitty fortunes for 3 sp a pop. She's got no takers so far.
A group of bandits or pirates are dead drunk singing bawdily together off to one side.
A group of guards catch and hang a thief who just ripped off the necklace of some girl and stole from a few stands.
A group of guards force a group of prostitutes to "Move along then."
A minstrel plays nearby. He's ok, but he'd be a lot better if he actually but some practice in.
A local pubkeep offers the party a round of drinks for half off on account of them looking thirsty.
A local inn offers the party a dinner half off on account of them looking hungry.
A man missing a leg thanks the party for the good that they've been doing.
A man missing an arm spits at the party for the good they missed doing.
Two local children are re-enacting a bard-tale about one of the fighter's exploits, they are arguing who gets to play the fighter and who has to be the bad guy complete with "You were him last time!" "Nuh-Uh!" "Yeah-huh!"
Fanciest dressed party member steps in poo. Roll 1d6 to determine what kind. 1- Dog, 2- Cow, 3- Pig, 4- Cow again, 5- Horse, 6- Cow a third time.
Two bards are utterly failing to sing a song in tune.
Two bards are actually killing a particular song. The crowd around them is pretty into it.
A man is selling hats. He's willing to trade for skins if anyone in the party has any.
The party sees a mild acquaintance. S/He offers to get lunch with them.
The party sees a mild annoyance. S/He flips them the bird before wandering off.
A pie eating contest is in progress. It looks like it's down to the blacksmith's son or the cowherd's daughter.
Two teenagers are walking down the street holding hands and blushing whenever one catches the other's eye.
The wizard steps in shit. Roll 1d4 to see what kind. 1- Cow, 2- Cow, 3- Cow, 4- Builette.
A group of bandits charge, but petter out before combat engages because the party looks too tough to take on.
Seven men in hooded robes are chanting loudly in a circle before stopping and remove their hoods. One says to another: "Good practice guys. Same time next week?"
Seven men in hooded robes are fumbling around. Overhead is: "Hey John, I think I've got your robes" "Damnit Sev, your wife swapped our hoods again." and "Who's got my sash? It was the scarlet one."
A drow is hung over on the side of the road. A three empty bottles of dwarven ale are nearby. He's waving his hands about muttering "Turn off the sun." Shortly after Dancing Lights twirl around his location as he lets out a groan of pain.
A dwarf is passed out in a puddle of his own drool on the side of the road. A half empty bottle of elven wine is nearby.
A friendly dog comes by and starts begging for treats from the most cleric-like party member.
An unfriendly dog attempts to pee on the most wizard-like party member.
Two old men are playing some sort of game on the side of the road talking mostly in murmurs, grunts, and chortles.
Two old women are gossiping nearby knitting scarves longer than they are tall that are growing by the inch as you watch.
A man is juggling torches nearby. Nothing goes amiss.
Two young teenagers are arguing about whether a dragon could be three owlbears if the owlbears had armor and magic wands and the dragon had a sword.
A local noble is in town collecting his due taxes.
The worst bandit in the world attempts to way-lay the party with a sharpened stick and a dented pot lit. If actually confronted he faints in shock.
The wizard discovers he has a sign pinned to the back of his robes reading "Ass-zard". It is unknown when it was placed there or how long it's been there.
A dungeon is nearby, if investigated it turns out that it's still in the process of being excavated and won't be ready for several more years.
The thief find a socket puppet nestled amongst his belongings. It appears to be made from one of the wizards socks.
The fighter finds a flask of good booze they had forgot about amongst their belongings.
The cleric finds a bag of honeyed nuts amongst her belongings.
Roll twice. Add the results together.
A gnarled old man offers to sell you a 'lucky' trinket for 1 gold coin
A young boy wants to see a demonstration of your weapon
A little girl is crying because she broke her favorite toy
A little gem falls out of the pocket of the man walking ahead of you
A guard stops you and asks you a few questions because you sort of match the description of a wanted criminal
A simpleton relaxing in the shade challenges you to a milk-drinking contest
A handful of giggling teenagers badger you for some adventuring stories
A middle-aged noble accuses you of cheating with their spouse
A young man bumps into you and falls to the ground.
A man and a woman are having an argument and are blocking your way forward.
A young woman approaches you and offers you a good time. But only to you, not the rest of your party.
A woman empties a chamber pot from a second storey window, some of it splashes on you.
A group of children suddenly run across the road, chasing each other. Your horse is startled, and rears suddenly. (Maybe ask for a ride check to remain mounted)
A cart blocks the road forward. An elderly man stares at the broken axle and scratches his head.
A cat runs out of nowhere, bats at your foot frantically, then runs back into its hiding place.
Random weather event (a lot of games have mechanics for this already)
A scrawny dog has started following you around. When you stop, it sits next to you and whines gently.
A man lays on the side of the road, unconscious. You can smell alcohol and urine as you pass him.
A man in tattered clothing offers to shine your shoes for a copper piece
A town crier stands on the corner. When you meat his gaze, he offers to recite the news for a coin.
A bard passes you going the other direction atop a horse. As you pass, you can hear him muttering the lyrics to a song you haven't heard.
A person who looks just like someone you know, but shouldn't be here turns the corner onto another street. Do you ignore it? Follow it?
Lost dog starts to follow the group of PC's.
Bauble or trinket found on the ground with the initials P. C.
A man in a dark cloak falls in pace with one of the PC's. Continues walking silently for a block or so.
The PC's are being shadowed. When they turn to look whoever or whatever it is ducks into an alley/behind a barrel/runs away.
Street hawkers try to sell the characters nearly everything, or anything. Bonus points if they actually do, and there is a hidden catch.
Street clerics spouting off religion. Again bonus points if the characters catch a bit that doesn't fit with the way they believe that religion works.
Foreigners come to the characters with a book or map and are looking for help in deciphering it. They will not be fluent in the local language.
A "lady of the evening" approaches the most pious member of the party begging for a religious blessing.
A firebrand preacher is in a town square or on a corner and points out a PC as an example of either piety or paganism.
A young street urchin is being beaten with a riding crop by a wealthier merchant.
A toothless old hag offers to read a PCs fortune in tarot cards.
A schizophrenic beggar begins speaking in tongues or has a conversation with himself.
A random fellow gets thrown out a bar/tavern/inn window with no warning in front of the PCs.
A poor young girl ask you to buy some food for her pet rat (bonus fun if it's actually a tamed dire rat).
A wealthy and overdressed noble is thrown from his horse.
A young prostitute is getting slapped around by her pimp in an alleyway.
A young and very wealthy heir gets drunk and makes a spectacle of himself at a party/ball/dance.
A vengeful wife slaps the shit out of her husband right next to the party.
A young couple is making out in the shadow of a doorway. Was it a priest and a famous noble's daughter, or someone else?!
A runaway horse charges through a marketplace, causing chaos.
A magical device malfunctions blowing the windows out of a shop.
A huge barrel of ale gets loose during a delivery and rolls down the street toward the party.
An older woman lets out a mightily creepy cackle, but it was just over a joke her sister told her.
A young poet asks the party for inspiration.
A down on his luck artist asks if they might commission him for a portrait of one of them.
A cutpurse is tackled and beaten by two city watch officers.
A screaming child throws a tantrum because his/her mother/father won't buy him a trinket.
Your mama sends you a nice cloth hat with earflaps.
An old man says that his cookoo bird will tell your fortune.
A sleeping dragon (because snorelax is copyrighted) blocks your path
You run into a random acolyte in a temple with a bag on his head handing out grease scrolls
A woman asks you to take this soup to her brother. He works at the store across town. The soup has orange things in it that dont' quite look like carrots
A little old man with a heavy foreign accent offers to sell you one of his bizarre monkey-like creatures as a pet.
A middle aged man roughly grabs you by the shoulder, and growls, "You the fella what knocked up my daughter?!"
Two mustachioed gentlemen are in the market square on top of boxes, giving away samples of a new kind of alcoholic beverages. Reactions so far are very mixed.
A bloody knife lays on the ground. Nobody else seems to have noticed it yet.
You witness the guards arresting a man, apparently for deserting his military unit. The young man wails, "I don't want to fight! I don't want to die! Please! No!"
A young boy excitedly points at you and jumps up and down, soon the party is swarmed by young kids asking for autographs.
Two bearded men approach the largest member of your group and offer to sponsor him in a local pit-fighting tournament
As the group is stopped, a particularly gaunt half-elf starts measuring one of the party's arms and legs with a marked string. If permitted, he takes measurements for the entire party. He is an undertaker.
A group of teenage girls are performing a strenuous dance routine on the street corner while a scarred halfling limps around taking donations.
You notice a WANTED poster with your face on it. The name listed, however, is Vhargle the Black; and the crime is desecration of a holy site.
Everyone in this town keeps trying to sell you everything imaginable, but they ALL make a point that they will not, under any circumstances, be selling you their hair. Not that you ever asked.
An old man with piercing blue eyes stops you. He is clearly starving to death. He holds up a purse bulging with coins. "Does this belong to you?"
A small girl is crying in the road. She looks lost. If asked, her father told her to wait here for him while he went into the pub "for a minute". That was six hours ago.
A couple are having sex in a pile of straw near the road. They are loud, and a crowd is starting to gather.
A young urchin is running full speed toward the party carrying a live chicken. Chasing after him is a screaming older man in a fancy cloak, swinging a walking stick.
You find a piece of gold just laying on the ground. No one has noticed it yet.
Someone walking by catches your attention. It appears to be a beggar, and he says he'll sketch your caricature in exchange for some soup.
You wake up and head down to the common room of the inn for some breakfast. Your companions aren't awake yet, but you do notice a little commotion outside the window. Looks like some street thugs are accosting a young woman!
You see guards searching the contents of a canvas covered cart that belongs to a woman. She is sitting on the ground crying into her hands.
A store clerk hands you back too much change. If you try to give it back he winks at you and turns to tend to another customer.
As you are entering a store a young man exits forcibly and runs down the street. The clerk appears in front of you right after and asks you "What way did that thief go!?"
You see a group of young women harassing a young man outside of a bar.
A blind reagent seller shows up at your keep. How do you react?
A street side sailsman hails the players and offers to sell them powerful magic items. He's got loads- "boots of levitation," "rock of undead destruction" "vampire repellant amulet" and the like. They totally aren't just some boots with 5 inch heels, or just a rock as big as your head, or a string with garlic on it. No way. Powerful magic in each one.
A couple of town guards approach the party to ask a few questions. They're not intimidating: quite the contrary. The PCs are obviously new arrivals and could bring good tales and rumors. If the meeting goes well the guards might offer them a pint each after their shift.
The party witness a merchant being bullied by two guards and the town's guard captain. After some harsh word exchanges the merchant is forced out of town with threats of jail. This is not a fascist show of force: the merchant refuses to pay the agreed fee to sell on the market and is often accused of selling bad goods, and the guards feel forced to remove him to make place for honest merchants.
As the party enters town they are asked to deposit they're weapons at the town guard armory. If they refuse, there will be questions. At no point is anyone being intolerant and mean, however. The guards just want to make sure the PCs aren't troublemakers, and repeatedly point out that the safety of the populace is what matters.
An old woman approach the party in tears. She proceeds to embrace a random character. "Oh Garvus, I knew you weren't dead!" She has mistaken the character for her son. The son went missing in action in a war over a decade ago.
A man in rags is standing on a wooden box and proclaiming he had a vision. He proceeds to describe how the god of milk fairies wants the people to stop eating cheese. They should instead burn all the cheese ceremonially at midnight to receive magic powers. Locals ignore him.
A parchment flies through the street and the wind flaps it on your face. It is a saucy love letter to "My burly bear" from "Your naughty little minx".
A demented (and obviously harmless) old man causes a scene by blaming a random female character for being his adulterous wife. He then tries to pick a fight with the burliest male character, blaming he has seduced the old man's wife.
There is a maimed beggar on the street, asking for alms. Someone recognizes him as the famous adventurer / war hero, who was his/her idol when s/he was a child.
A fake mystic offers to read their fortune. It is all cold reading and fake, but it is a good act, just without an ounce of magic in it.
Despite it being winter, there are butterflies following a small girl walking past the characters.
The characters see an innkeeper refuse to serve a person of different ethnicity/species/something followed by obviously racist slurs.
An annoying youngster starts pestering a magician (or someone looking like one!) to teach him magic, because he wants to "kill monsters, loot dungeons and get all the girls!".
The character witness a public execution for a relatively minor crime. The crowd cheers on as the executioners struts his stuff like a rock star on the stage before getting on with the business.
A cart transporting beer/bread/fresh fruit has fallen over. A mob of poor people are now grabbing free goodies, while the teamster tries to shout them off.
Two middle aged bards have a high brow version of a rap battle in the street. They're competing against one another to entice customers into their respective establishments.
A group of junior mages are using a cantrip leveled version of "gust of wind" to blow up womens' skirts.
A traveling troupe of monks showcase their skills for food and minor coin.
An aquatic elf offers underwater tours at a coastal city's port.
A carnival is in town, showing off their newest ride: a vertical iron wheel with seats meant to let people see the whole town at once. They nicknamed it the "ferric wheel" due to it being made mostly of iron.
A merchant in a heavily corroded outfit tries to sell his dishwashing invention. (contains a black pudding)
You come across a group of pegasi and perytons clashing in a low dogfight (coming close enough to hit in melee every other round).
You come across a shop called "Cobbler's Shoes and Pies."
You come across a group of telepathy using entrepreneurs who want to start a telecommunications company using the necrotelicomnicon and the heads of dead illithid.
Local group of children decides to emulate party. Cause for concern is raised when children also attempt to emulate party's murderhoboing habits.
Local Church basement infested by bar's rats. Both Bar and Church want them returned.
Local Bar basement infested by church's priests. Both Bar and Church want them returned.
Local Church to God of Alcohol's basement infested by bards. Both priest and bartender agree it must be a fungal growth.
Big Name adventurer recently retired outside of town as lumberjack. He and his Vorpal axe have single-handedly become the entire county's logging industry.
Townspeople worried that their leader is a puppet for the adviser, a wizard. Turns out the leader is an actual puppet. Adviser is good at throwing his voice.
Puppet leader elected into local office. Puppeteer's may inquire within.
Local Wizard miscasts spell. This is nothing new.
Foreign Wizard miscasts spell. Townsfolk are intrigued by this new and interesting way to fail.
Local Wizard misspells on cast. Must live for the next 2-4 months with his name spelled incorrectly on his broken arm.
Local ranger injured while hunting abnormally large boar.
Local ranger injured while hunting abnormally small boar.
Local bore injured while hunting abnormally small ranger.
Local wizard concludes that local gossip does indeed airs faster than light.
Local priest concludes that foreign gossip does indeed travel lighter than fast air.
Local fighter concludes that foreign beer tastes better. Peer review in progress.
Local merchant seeks party to escort him home after a night of marketing. Distance traveled: 2 Blocks. Money paid: Bottle Caps
Local merchant seeks party to escort him home after a night of marketing. Promises no escort bullshit. Doesn't lie.
Town terrorized by local itch. Ointment swiftly applied.
Town localized by terrible lich. Promises better property values and fewer goblins.
Local Bard and foreign bard get in argument over performance rights. Decide to have a musical duel. Neither can agree on rules and the duel is indefinitely postponed when foreign bard's troupe leaves town.
Local Bartender's guild recruitment drive, need only clean 10 glasses to qualify. Membership benefits: free beer at closing.
Local thieves guild recruitment drive, need only steal 3 cp to qualify for membership. Membership benefits: guards look the other way for select crimes (jaywalking, public urination)
Local Wizard forms guild. Elects self as guildmaster. Promptly disbands guild due to lack of recruitment. Berates members for not recruiting more.
Misinformed Demon raid to steal villager's souls. Local cobbler furious.
Group of traveling monks show off skills. Village elder gifted illuminated dictionary after 16 weeks of work.
Traveling Paladin slays all undead within a 100 mile radius before falling. Informs whoever asks him that he is "Pala-Done."
Traveling Nercomancer re-makes all undead slain within a 100 mile radium before quitting. Infroms whoever asks him that he is "Skele-done."
Traveling Wizard turns all undead remains into a large lime-flavored slime before destroying it. Informs whoever asks him that he is "Gela-done."
Extremely small vein of gold found in the basement of a house. Inspires other houses to dig their cellars up. Local sewer requires rebuilding.
Small tear in reality allows elements from fae realm to trickle in. No one notices anything other than a small scent of honeysuckle. Hole too small to otherwise fit in.
Town fool begins carrying a sign bearing "The End is nigh!" When asked he moons them.
Town fool beings carrying a sign bearing "The End is neigh!" When asked he introduces them to a horse called 'End'
Every house sinks 2 and a half inches overnight. Record number of face plants achieved the next morning.
Entire town raised by 6 inches overnight. Town bridge across river now possess annoying crack in the center.
Town laid to siege by vicious parkourists. The siege ends when a parkourist slips on some thatch and lands face first in a manure cart.
GM is distraught when he realizes number 235 is missing from the list.
GM is distraught when he realizes number 245 is missing from the list.
GM is distraught when he realizes number 240 is included from the list.
Socks fall. Everyone tries (them on).
Mocks fall. Everyone cries.
The Dread Gazebo is spruced up with a set of animated lawn chairs and a Dire Bogenvia plant.
Local cult determines that that the god they worship is exactly the same god as the rest of the world, just with a typo in the original document.
GM is distraught when he realizes he was lied to.
Town is full of nothing but shopkeepers reminiscent to the one from the Monty Python Cheeseshop Skit. Everyone refuses to explain how they possible make money.
The town, through coincidence manages to have whatever service the party needs most occupied. The only way to solve this is by completing an ever growing chain of tasks. The villagers are messing with them.
Local sewage worker becomes a lich accidentally. Doesn't regret choice due to lack of nose.
Hijinks fail to ensue.
Hijinks ensure from hours 3 to 6 on weekdays of every third week of every other month except in winter months without snow but with rain.
Hijinks have become too "Au ture" to ensue. Instead Melodramacticity ensues.
Small dog repeatedly sneaks into the pack of the largest character. Feces ensue inside bag.
Large dog repeatedly sneaks into the pack of the smallest character. Sneaking fails to ensue.
Fortune teller offers to read a party member's palm for a silver. When presented with a hand, she replies "You dolt! There isn't anything written here!"
Unless specifically instructed not to parties gear tends to list towards the right while in town borders.
Party's campsite is found to have been built on an extremely large colony of fire ants.
Party's campsite is found to have been built on an extreme colony of large ants under fire.
Party's campsite is visited by bears. Just visited though, they have other places to be shortly.
Party's campsite is visited by wolves. They inquire after the bears shortly before leaving.
Fighter discovers his favorite helmet, when turned the right way in the wind whistles a merry tune whilst marching.
Fighter discovers his favorite pair of gauntlets, the stored in a particular fashion become mildly magnetic for 2d8 minutes.
Fighter discovers his least favorite pair of boots have recently been cursed to blister his feet. No wait. The padding's just gone.
A pie lands on the most wizard-like party member's face. The baker to whom is belonged to is horrified and embarressed and comps the party the pie.
Extremely Aggressive marketing has broken out in the town square. Deals are quite hot now.
Extremely Aggressive dancing has broken out in the town square. Heels are quite hot now.
Extremely Aggressive storytelling has broken out in the town square. Feels are quite hot now.
Party receives a note via arrow. Local Fletcher is having a buy 20 get 1 free sale on arrows.
Impromptu festival has broken out in town in celebration of having caught and hung a notorious thief.
Impromptu hanging has broken out in town by the catching of a notorious festival breaker.
The party goes wholly unmentioned in any and all bardic deed recitations nearby.
The party goes holy unmentioned in any and all clerical deed recitations nearby.
The party goes unholy mentioned in any and all cultist deed recitations nearby.
Suddenly monkeys! Potentially quarter dozens of them!
Random party member looses an embarrassingly large burp.
Random party member releases an horrifying loud fart.
Random party member passes extremely noxious silent but deadly fart.
Random animal in party finds close companion to hump or be humped by.
Least dexterous party member falls into a ditch. The ditch contains 1- Water, 2- Feces, 3- Feces-water, or 4- Rocks
Random party member fumbles a handheld item, must make 4 successive DC 9 Dex rolls to catch it again. Failing by 5 or more means the item is dropped to the ground along with the character's pride.
Party nearly encounters a Dragon. Wait no. Chicken.
Party nearly encounters a Cockatrice. Wait no. Chicken again.
Party gets rained on, tracks in mud, tossed about a bit by the wind and otherwise stuck in miserable weather. Lasts 4d6 hours. Survival Check of DC 20 to predict this up to a day in advance.
Party encounters an all-halfling fighter group called the Shorty Cohorty. They are a little underwhelming.
Party encounters an all-half-orc cleric group called the Bash Bishops.
Party encounters an all-elven rogue group. Too bad no one saw them.
Local Theatre Director goes on a tyrannical rampage, ruling over his stage with an iron fist. He soon falls prey to an actor's fake sword and a quickly established microkindgom.
Local guards are running a training day. Some aren't half bad. Some are.
Local guards are running a drilling day. Most are pretty good at this.
Local guards are running training excersizes. Observers are occasionally asked to take part as 'victims' or 'villains'
Local guards are running. Huh. Must be training.
Local guards are running from a mob with pitchforks demanding the guards run faster. Huh.
Party encounters a group of mice with itty bitty weapons and armor undergoing their own adventures. Aww. Adorable.
Party encounters a group of stripped-for-valuables corpses, each of them is under a boulder large enough to almost but not completely cover the body. There is no source for these boulders is sight.
Party encounters a group of stripped-for-valuables corpses, each looks as though it was eaten and digested by something in the dark.
Party encounters a group of stripped-for-valuables corpses, the corpses seem to have died of negative levels, ability drain, poison, disease, curse, magic, acid, fire, ice, necrotic, holy, lightning, sonic, force, slashing, piercing, and/or blunt damage.
One lucky party member finds an exact replica of a coin they possess. 1d4 rounds later they find another exact replica of the same coin. Then another 1d4 rounds later. Then another. Etc etc.
Random party member creates a new dice game. Attempts to carve dice with enough sides for it leads to them repeatedly and consistently cutting themselves.
Random party member accosted by wandering scholar for a debate on (1-Politics, 2-History, 3-Goverment, 4-Social Problems, 5-Political Geography, 6-Linguistics) This debate takes 1d3 hours to conclude to the scholar's satisfaction after which he promptly forgets about the party's existence.
Random party member challenged into a game of skill by a hobo. If the hobo wins he gets to hit the loser with his stick a few times. If he loses he will go away.
Random party member completely and spectacularly biffs it while walking. Party member is briefly overcome with the futility of it all and Probably opts to sink into the earth rather than face standing up again. The rest of the party probably laughs.
A sprinting guard runs through the party yelling "Get out of the way!" a moment later a slightly pregnant woman follows angrily.
The local circus was discovered to be using Druids and not real animals.
A local child bully is holding a girls doll with mage hand just out of her reach.
A young girl is yelling "You just don't UNDERSTAND mom!" as a half-orc stands awkwardly nearby.
An ogre somehow broke into the tavern and is passed out under three casts of ale.
A five foot tall man in hooded leather is asking if anyone has seen his mommy. Inspection proves that he is actually a child giant.
A child with her father's Homunculi is walking down the street to school.
A man smelling of preservatives is holding his arm funny and asks if anyone in the group knows how to sow.
A elder lady's house is for sale. Turns out she was a druid, and her garden's sentient. Nobody wants to buy it.
A dragonborn child was left on the doorsteps of the Dragon-Slayers guild. Mixed emotions ensue.
Turns out the local lawyer is a vampire. No one seems surprised.
An entire bed & breakfast ran by a single stressed out doppelganger is going out of business.
A man claiming to be a god in human form has visited one of his churches. None of the clerics seem to believe him.
Two wizards discuss quantum entanglement over a beer.
A child walks up to the party claims his father discovered immortality 100 years ago. Quite by accident.
A cyborg appears out of nowhere dressed in futuristic armor. Then promptly disappears after saying "Shit, too early."
A half-elf and half-orc are both discussing their mother.
A hobo jumps up and does a double front flip landing in front of the group. He then challenges the party to a fight. Crumpling after one hit.
A couple wizards, Tiefling and Human are attempting some sort of staring contest. If disturbed human becomes a tiefling and vice versa. Both look mortified.
A frog approaches the party claiming to be a beautiful princess. If kissed it turns into an ugly male druid. He walks off to another man who begrudgingly hands him a coin.
A cutup fighter wrapped in bandages walks past the group muttering about a "Stupid sentient sword" and "picked up the wrong one."
A necromancy cleric is doing weddings and leaving out "Till death do you part."
A wizard's apprentice has discovered invisibility! But is having a hard time turning it off...
A well dressed warlock is knocking on people's doors asking if they'd "Heard the good word about our lord Cthulhu."
The village turns out to be a whole lot of undead casting "Disguise self" on themselves. They ask to not be bothered when discovered.
A wizard is offering to cast "Teleport" for a single gold piece. After saying where you wish to be sent you appear in his basement sex dungeon.
The local wizards guild is using a spell to make winter come for festivities on the frozen lake. Much to the dismay of the local farmers.
A shady urchin offers the group some... Herbs. Turns out to be spices for cooking.
A shady urchin offers the group a plan to break into the bank. If they agree the urchin proves himself to be an undercover guard.
A fungus has been found growing out of the sewer causing hallucinations amongst teenagers. Peaceful Myconid have a new home.
A Hag has put out a missing persons flier with a nice reward. "Tall, dark, handsome. Agreed to be my husband after I helped him but flaked, most likely to be found followed by a bunch of curses." Curses listed below.
A man is found hiding in a trashcan, he says "Go away." A pissed pregnant Half Orc is seen searching nearby.
A dragon flies over the town, landing in the middle and changing into a fancily dressed noble. He then goes about his business. None of the locals are surprised.
A bunch of drunk halflings wander around making fun of all the lanky "Doublings."
An elf is backed into a corner by a bunch of shady folk. After a moment one of them proclaims, "Oh crap it's a dude!" They all walk away in disgust. Guards soon appear.
A piece of paper hits one of the adventurers, written on it describes a whorehouse filled with Doppelgangers to fulfil all your kinky desires.
A wizard wanders up to the group and offers to pay gold if one of them will drink from a vial. It tastes pretty good. The wizard looks disappointed.
A drunk druid stumbles out of the bar periodically changing into different animals.
A drunk wizard stumbles out of the bar periodically making illusions of more beer that he keeps mistaking as real.
A drunk cleric stumbles out of the bar periodically casting Thaumaturgy.
A drunk sorcerer stumbles out of the bar and causes random chaotic effects to happen nearby.
A drunk warlock stumbles out of the bar talking obscenities to his familiar, whom appears to be being controlled of a far more powerful being.
Seven dwarves all with different names like "Happy" and "Droopy" are wandering around looking for a tired woman.
A wizard in a white cape and mask flies down and begins punching another wizard in a black cape and mask. They fly off if disturbed.
A random party member turns into a dog for 1d4 hours. A nearby Sorcerer apologizes.
A hard rock group known as the BardBarians are setting up for tonight's show.
A child is seen pouting about being "Evil reincarnate" and "Forgot they'd have to be a kid again."
An old man is seen walking up to the group, he says "It's dangerous to go alone, take this." and hands them a sword. Nothing special, but it's ok.
An angel and succubus are seen making out on the side of the road. They run off scared if disturbed.
An Aasimar and Tieflings are seen to be blushing at one another from across the street.
A passing fighter is seen to be mumbling to himself about "Multiclassing." What a weirdo.
A kobold Bard, Goblin fighter, and deep gnome rogue wander by the group asking about quests.
It's discovered that the local bartender is a were-bear. Nobody seems to care.
The town racist is found being taped to a wall by a bunch of pissed off gnomes.
A Cleric, Warlock, and atheist walks into a bar. He orders a drink.
Night falls and a child turns into a were-squirrel. He climbs a tree and angrily throws nuts at the group.
Two clerics of differing religions are fighting in the street. Not over religion, the one owes the other money.
Five men all walk down the road all in sync. Even blinking at the same time. They all look the same too.
A dog wanders up to the group, apparently a child fell down a well.
A Child wanders up to the group, apparently a dog fell down a well.
A fairy dragon begins following the group and messing with them.
After defeating a bunch of mooks, the group finds a love letter and wedding ring amongst the bodies.
After defeating a bunch of mooks, the group finds a suicide letter amongst the bodies.
After defeating a bunch of mooks, the group finds a complaint letter addressed to the boss.
After defeating a bunch of mooks, the group finds a letter with a two weeks notice addressed to the boss.
The group sees a man drop a book labeled, What to expect when you're expecting, to change under a full moon.
The group sees a man drop a book labeled, Necromancy for dummies.
The group sees a man drop a book labeled, Differential equations and the mass proportionate mana theory. Part 7 of 20.
The group sees a man drop a book labeled, The Adventures of *Party member name here** *
A level 20 commoner walks by. Wow.
A Mondron is seen holding a sign for a gnomish bakery.
A zombie runs past yelling "You'll never take me alive coppers!" as guards pursue. The guards roll their eyes.
A fallen cleric requests help to stand up.
A large man with a beard escorts a child with glasses and a lightning shaped scar on his head. Nothing of note here.
The group happens upon a sword that says it's magical. It's not.
The group sees a child dressed in a green tunic being chased by a cluster of angry chickens.
A goblin whore walks up to the group and offers her services... I guess that's there if you're into that.