Chamber pot emptied near/on
Cats chasing each other dart past
"Please watch this cart for me, just for a minute."
Birds of prey circling overhead
Urchin approaches for minor scam
Shadow passes across the ground
Smoke rises in distance (brush fire)
Feeling of deja vu
Insect swarm/nest on building
Howling/barking in the distance
Beggar asks for alms
Children pester party
Local teen wants to join party
Graffiti on building
Stumble onto amorous teens
Child looking for pet frog
Snake slithers away
Street vendor (food, drink, trinkets, etc.)
Rainbow in the distance
Group of bats rise in the distance
Drunken fist fight
Stumble on lover's quarrel
Religious pilgrims with vow of silence are jeered at
"Recognized" by a drunk
Overturned vegetable cart
Criminal held in public stock
Sudden sun shower
Wind kicks up
Street performer(s)
Religious fanatic
A discarded, tattered cloak
A rusty old weapon found in gutter
Dark storm cloud approaches
Large beetle buzzes around head
Kids playing game (hide 'n seek)
Criminal in custody is marched past
Mother looking for child
Sandstorm
Small dust whirlwind
A dead ox causes a gridlock
An overturned cart causes a gridlock
A few sun bleached papers blow by
Well-armed adventurers pass by
Roof tile falls, barely missing party
Approached by prostitute(s)
Smell of baking/cooking
Pimp ("you messin' with my woman?")
Wailing baby
One person chasing another
Stench of feces
Ray of light seems to surround one person
Unusually cool breeze
Rats are following you
You get a dull, throbbing headache
Injured bird lies helpless
Skunk smell
Eerily quiet
Customer angry with shopkeeper
Food fight occurring
Stung by a bee
Arid dust coats your mouth
Cop/guard walking a beat
Spoiled brat wants party item
Someone teleports away
Very friendly cat
Parent scolding child
Someone bumps pouch--nothing's missing
Find a copper piece
Parade in honor of minor saint, hero, etc.
Foreigners arguing in their own language
Allergic reaction to exotic spice/pollen
Discount holy water salesman
Witness a minor crime
Something scurries away (chipmunk)
Street preacher accosts you
Witness a major crime
Two religious processions meet head-on
City watch follows you for 2d4 blocks
Find a silver piece
Dogs chasing each other run by
Very active beehive nearby
Howling gust of wind
Approaching Lightning Storm
Crow squawks repeatedly at approach
Rubbery mass stuck to your boot (gum)
Step in crap - dog, dire rat, etc.
Someone stomps in nearby puddle--splash!
Street cleaner sweeps by
Unconscious stranger on side of road
Pair of small birds harass you
Feral cat is trailing the party
A case of mistaken identity
Cloud shaped as holy symbol
Shopping list for potions is found
Old ring is sticking out of the dirt
One person has an intense itch
Hawk takes mole/mouse near party
Find a gold piece
Loose chickens peck at the street
Passing child drops pottery, cries
Raven lands in path, stares, leaves
Injured mounted scout charges through the street
Noble is carried past in a sedan chair
Two hooded people whisper on street
Young consumer is watched closely
Singing floats out of nearby building
Circus wagon trundles past, animal calls
Weapon sharpener approaches party
Large flock of birds flies acrobatics, then darts away
Private guards flank a door
Distracted senior totters straight for party
Weary knight is mobbed by adoring children
Partial eclipse of the sun
Emaciated children tug at party sleeves
People cheer for the party
A strong, young, healthy beggar asks for coin
A politician on a box of soap during a speech makes eye contact with a PC
A cat is stuck in a tree and mewls at the PCs
An escaped pet rodent rolling around the street in its ball bumps up against a PC's leg
A religious leader and his incense burning retinue cuts across the PCs' path
A diseased old man resting in a chair asks for help standing up
A paint can spills from above and splashes PCs
Political activists on parade beckon the PCs to join
A dangerous fish in a tank bumps loudly against the glass
A bee stings a nearby child who blindly runs to a PC for soothing
A small bird egg drops out of a nest from above and land intact nearby
An elf walks by with living snakes wrapped around his shoulders
A visitor stops to ask for directions to an interesting place
A fish vendor bends over to vomit and people point and laugh
A sheet of music blows into a PC's face
A garbage bin rattles; inside is a tied sack of kittens
A depressed bard asks sing-song, rhetorical questions of the PCs
A dangerous-looking racoon has claimed an apple cart as his--merchant beseeches PCs
A known crime boss sits and reads while sweating shoe shine boy buffs and casts the PCs worried looks
A woman with too much fashion going on breaks her shoe and stumbles into a PC
A man gets down on one knee and proposes, drawing a crowd and knotting traffic
A beggar with his hand down a drain hole brings up a ring and immediately asks the PCs to buy it
Three performers in masks surround the PCs and do a ring dance around them
Clothing tossed out a window during a lovers' spat lands on a PC
A woman drops a basket of fruit--can the PCs dodge before squashing some?
A crazy man points at PC's equipment and lists its magical properties--and he's right!
A little boy confronts the PCs and shoots them with an imaginary crossbow
PCs pass an alleyway blocked by a new spider web
A fishmonger dumps a cart of rotten fish for scavengers to clean up
A young noble passes trailed by a pickpocket
A messenger collides with the PCs and numerous papers start blowing around
A body of an evil wizard tied to a stake, body still smoking
A chatty bard walks alongside the party
A chess match
A person passed out from too much drink, looted, with writing on forehead
An unsavory-looking person approaches a PC to return a pouch/item that they have dropped. If offered a reward, they decline.
A man hands the PCs a broadsheet whose headline reads: "Good News! Evil Declining in the Realm"
While passing by a seedy part of town, the PCs see people nailing planks to buildings or painting them. Nearby is a sign that says: "Urban Renewal Project".
There is a disturbance in the streets and people are milling about loudly. If the PCs ask what the problem is, someone happily tells them that they just got word that the local lord has announced a cut in taxes.
The PCs see an old man sitting at the side of the street mumbling to himself. He has a tin cup with a few copper pieces in it and a sign that reads: Take One If You Need One".
A man hands the PCs a broadsheet whose headline reads: "Good News! Peace Treaty and Trade Agreement With Neighboring Kingdom Signed"
While walking through town a group of filthy urchins surround the PCs, tugging at them. They ask if the PCs could retrieve a ball which has gotten stuck on the roof of a small shop across the way.
An very large Orc is pushing a cart with several small dogs in it while shouting "Free puppies!".
A group of 3d6 bald, orange-robed cultists, chanting and dancing, come near. They hand each party member a flower and continue on.
The party sees a tavern called "The Pink Dragon".
A black-cloaked figure approaches the party, introducing themselves as "The Dark Assassin". They ask the PCs where the magistrate is so they can turn themselves in.
A Dwarven vendor pushes around a cart with a large barrel and small wooden bowls in it, ringing a bell while yelling "Iced Cream! One Copper!"
A man hands the PCs a broadsheet whose headline reads: "Good News! Local Monster Retires to Warmer Clime"
A group of people are picking up liter from the streets. One carries a sign that says "Druids For A Clean City".
In a square, a very large tent is being set up. Nearby is a sign that reads "Battle of the Minstrels Tonight!"
A shabbily-dressed man quickly approaches the party, seemingly from nowhere. They speedily wash the armor/scabbard or shield of a party member and put out their hand as if expecting payment.
A man hands the PCs a broadsheet whose headline reads: "Good News! Dragon Disaster Averted"
The party see a sign which reads: "Meeting of the Secret Order of Necromancers Midnight Tonight".
A Hobbit stands at the side of the road with a vending cart full of multi-colored candies on a stick selling for 1 copper each. A sign on the cart reads: "All proceeds go to support the Lollipop Guild".
The PCs see a Goblin dressed as a clown, juggling and entertaining a group of young children.
A man hands the PCs a broadsheet whose headline reads: "Good News! Local Pirates Turn to Fishing Instead"
The party sees a tavern with a wooden sign that has a cattle head with a halo. The sign reads: " Holy Cow". (If the PCs investigate, they find out it serves only vegetarian meals)
3d6 meowing kittens begin following the PCs
A group of 3d6 peasants approach one of the PCs and start yelling "Hail to the King (or Queen) and begin to bow to and faun upon the PC.
Some interesting type of music that the PCs have never heard before is coming from inside of a cafe. If the PCs investigate they find that it sells bottled flavored water, flavored coffee, small snacks and pastries. The sign above the cafe reads: "The Jazz Gnome".
An Elf slips a fish into one of the party members pockets/robe.
There is a taxidermy shop called "The Rainbow Rat" that specializes in stuffed rats dyed all colors.
2d6 local guards come by with a cart full of weapons with a sign on it that reads: "Swords for Cash Program".
A Troll is vending "Horse-on-a-Stick" snacks from a booth.
Party sees a magic shop named "Crystal Balls".